Clarify deepObject applicability (#2846)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.1.1.md

simple | `array` | `path`, `header` | Simple style parameters defined by [RFC6570](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570#section-3.2.2).  This option replaces `collectionFormat` with a `csv` value from OpenAPI 2.0.
spaceDelimited | `array`, `object` | `query` | Space separated array or object values. This option replaces `collectionFormat` equal to `ssv` from OpenAPI 2.0. 
pipeDelimited | `array`, `object` | `query` | Pipe separated array or object values. This option replaces `collectionFormat` equal to `pipes` from OpenAPI 2.0.

> deepObject | `object` | `query` | Allows simple non-nested objects to be serialized using form parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deepObject | `object` | `query` | Allows objects with scalar properties to be serialized using form parameters. 
```

> deepObject | `object` | `query` | Allows objects with scalar properties to be serialized using form parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deepObject | `object` | `query` | Allows objects with scalar properties to be represented using form parameters. The representation of array or object properties is not defined.
```
